Rename Signature to ModelSchema and add guide and examples (#27)
logicalclocks/machine-learning-api: docs/templates/signature.md

# Signature

> A Model Signature describes the inputs and outputs for a model. It is used to unambiguously define properties of the inputs and outputs, for example if the model inputs a tensor, it can define the shape and datatype of the tensor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Model Signature describes the inputs and outputs for a model. It is used to unambiguously define properties of the inputs and outputs. For example, if the model inputs is a tensor, it can define the shape and datatype of the tensor. 
```

Author: I rephrased the sentence.

Also the signature makes it easier to communicate the purpose of the model and how to get started using it. 

A Signature can either be column-based or tensor-based.

## Columnar signature

A column-based signature is composed of one or more columns, each column having a name if defined, and a data type. This maps directly to the schema you may find on for example a Spark or Pandas DataFrame.

### Build a signature

> A column-based signature can be constructed manually by creating a list of `dicts` containing the mandatory `type` key which defines the data type. The optional keys `name` defines the column name, and set `description` to describe the field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A column-based signature can be constructed manually by creating a list of `dicts` containing the mandatory `type` key which defines the data type. The optional keys `name` and `description` define the column name and describe the field, respectively.
```

Author: Rephrased it
